Algorithm cleanup (#351)
apple/swift-experimental-string-processing: Documentation/Evolution/StringProcessingAlgorithms.md

#### Trim prefix

> We propose generic `trimPrefix` for collections taking a `Element` predicate or a specific `Element`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We propose generic `trimmingPrefix` and `trimPrefix` methods for collections that trim elements matching a predicate or a possible prefix sequence.
```
